update_mendixcloud_com_certificate_2021 (#3841)
mendix/docs: content/releasenotes/developer-portal/index.md

## 2021

### November 1st, 2021

#### Update of `*.mendixcloud.com` SSL/TLS certificate

> * We will renew the SSL/TLS certificate for \*.mendixcloud.com. Browsers like Mozilla Firefox, Microsoft Edge, Google Chrome and Internet Explorer automatically trust the new certificate. In that case there is nothing you have to do. When you run services that connect to a \*.mendixcloud.com endpoint and use a static or outdated trust store, we advise you to update them. The new SSL/TLS certificate can be downloaded [here](attachments/mendixcloud.com-2021-10-29.crt.txt).

Reviewer: Hi @geoffreymersch and @Yornik 
Would it be helpful to give a bit more background and a more complete timescale? For example:
```suggestion
* We have renewed the SSL/TLS certificate for \*.mendixcloud.com. The old certificate will expire on 10 November. Browsers like Mozilla Firefox, Microsoft Edge, Google Chrome and Internet Explorer automatically trust the new certificate. In that case there is nothing you have to do. If you run services that connect to a \*.mendixcloud.com endpoint and use a static or outdated trust store, we advise you to update their certificates. The new SSL/TLS certificate can be downloaded [here](attachments/mendixcloud.com-2021-10-29.crt.txt). This can be done from today, you do not have to wait for the old certificate to expire.
```

Reviewer 2: Hello @MarkvanMents, yes I agree.
Thank.

Author: Hello @MarkvanMents, yes I agree.
Thank.
